.TH backup-manager 8
.SH NAME
backup-manager - An easy to use backup tool for your Linux box.
.SH SYNOPSIS
  backup-manager [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Backup Manager is an easy-to-use tool for generating archives. 
.P
It is designed with simplicity in mind
for those who don't want an obfuscated tool for making tarballs. 
.P
There are different methods for building archives: tarballs, incremental 
tarballs, mysql dumps, svn dump. You can also write your own method with a 
generic method that will execute a command and will archive its output.
.P
Every times you run Backup Manager, you can upload archives thanks to a couple
of upload methods: through FTP, SSH or even with RSYNC.
.P
It's also possible to export your archives to removable media like CDR or DVD.
.SH CONFIGURATION FILES
Backup Manager's behavior is defined in configuration files. You can use
different configuration files at the same time. 
The default configuration file is `/etc/backup-manager.conf'.
.P
An example should have been provided with the program, most of the time it's
installed in `/usr/share/backup-manager/backup-manager.conf.tpl'.
.P
If you want exhaustive details about how to write your own configuration files,
please refer to the Backup Manager User Guide:
http://www.backup-manager.org/documentation/user-guide/
.SH OPTIONS
.P
.B --version
Show the version number.
.P
.B --verbose|-v 
Print what happens to STDOUT.
.P
.B --no-warnings
Disable warnings.
.P
.B --help|-h 
Print a short help message.
.P
.B --upload|-u
Just upload the files.
.P
.B --purge|-p
Just purge old archives.
.P 
.B --burn|-b 
Just burn the archives.
.P
.B --md5check|-m
Just perform the MD5 checkup on the CDR/CDRW.
.P
.B --config|-c file
Use an alternate config file.
.P
.B --force|-f
Force overwrite of existing archives.
.P
.B --no-upload
Disable the uploading process.
.P
.B --no-burn
Disable the burning process.
.P
.B --no-purge
Disable the purging process.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug or want to submit a wish-list to the development team, feel
free to use the official Bug Tracking System: http://bugzilla.backup-manager.org
.SH WEBSITE
To find latest news and releases, come to the official website:
http://www.backup-manager.org
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR backup-manager-upload (8),
.BR ssh-keygen (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Alexis Sukrieh <sukria@backup-manager.org>
