.TH backup-manager 3
.SH NAME
backup-manager - An easy to use backup tool for your Linux box.
.SH SYNOPSIS
  backup-manager [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a smart tool written in Bash and Perl to provide an easy way for 
backuping local directories.
.P
All the behaviour of the tool will be determined by configuration files, 
default one is /etc/backup-manager.conf.
All the configuration keys located in the configuration file can tune the
way backup-manager will work.
It is able to make tarballs in tar.gz, tar.bz2, tar and zip format, upload
them to remote hosts using FTP or SSH, burn them to CDR/CDRW automatically
using mkisofs and cdrecord.
.SH OPTIONS
.P
.B --verbose|-v 
Print what happends to STDOUT.
.P
.B --no-warnings
Disable warnings.
.P
.B --help|-h 
Print a short help message.
.P
.B --upload|-u
Just upload the files.
.P
.B --purge|-p
Just purge old archives.
.P 
.B --burn|-b 
Just burn the archives.
.P
.B --md5check|-m
Just perform the MD5 checkup on the CDR/CDRW.
.P
.B --config|-c file
Use an alternate config file.
.P
.B --force|-f
Force overwrite of existing archives.
.P
.B --no-upload
Disable the uploading process.
.P
.B --no-burn
Disable the burning process.
.P
.B --no-purge
Disable the purging process.
.SH UPLOADING SYSTEM
If the scp transfert mode is used, no password will be prompted, ssh key
authentification will be used instead. Be sure if you use this transfert
mode to set the appropriate keys on your ssh accouts.
.P
backup-manager uses backup-manager-upload for uploading files.
Although backup-manager is run by root (from crond), backup-manager-upload
will be launched with the upload user you choose. this means that the user 
should exist on both remote and local machines.
Keep that in mind when editing the ssh authorized keys on remote hosts.
.SH BURNING SYSTEM
If the BM_BURNING vonfiguration key is set to "yes", backup-manager
will try to burn the archives after generating it. 
.SH NOTES
On debian system the best way to configure backup-manager is to use dpkg-reconfigure.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR backup-manager-upload (3),
.BR ssh-keygen (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Alexis Sukrieh <sukria@sukria.net>
